Small updates to TiKV config docs (#17976)
pingcap/docs: glossary.md

Starting from v5.0, TiDB introduces Massively Parallel Processing (MPP) architecture through TiFlash nodes, which shares the execution workloads of large join queries among TiFlash nodes. When the MPP mode is enabled, TiDB, based on cost, determines whether to use the MPP framework to perform the calculation. In the MPP mode, the join keys are redistributed through the Exchange operation while being calculated, which distributes the calculation pressure to each TiFlash node and speeds up the calculation. For more information, see [Use TiFlash MPP Mode](/tiflash/use-tiflash-mpp-mode.md).

> ### MVCC
> 
> Multiversion concurrency control is used by TiDB to allow concurrent access to data. See also [Multiversion concurrency control](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiversion_concurrency_control) on wikipedia.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Multi-version concurrency control (MVCC)

[MVCC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiversion_concurrency_control) is a concurrency control mechanism in TiDB and other databases. It processes the memory read by transactions to achieve concurrent access to TiDB, thereby avoiding blocking caused by conflicts between concurrent reads and writes.
```
